[Music]
you know they say we see everything once
in this cake
pretty sure we've never seen they think
this need help
you all right i'm fine
the bad news is it's inoperable and that
will start your regulation
[Music]
what's going on with you
i want to know that there's meaning in
the things i do
if you're watching this i'm probably
trying to convince you of something
pretty unbelievable
i'm dead
don't do anything to get her back but
this is i mean the next dose could kill
you
they're things that are far worse
than death
[Music]
what happened to him
they're not returning
it's got to be me you can't deal with
reality yeah
the clock keeps ticking down
the time is an illusion
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you
bye